Update VERSIONING.md (#6942)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java: VERSIONING.md

  reordering parameters, adding a method to an interface or abstract class without adding a default
  implementation.

> - API changes that could require code using the artifact to be recompiled, but not changed, e.g.,

Reviewer: I think ABI might be intentional here:

```suggestion
- [ABI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface) changes that could require code using the artifact to be recompiled, but not changed, e.g.,
```

> - [ABI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface) changes that could require code using the artifact to be recompiled, but not changed, e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ABI](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface) changes that could require code using the artifact to be recompiled, but not changed, e.g.,
```
